PD-1055 / 25.04 / Pd 1055 add fast deduplication content (#3438)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Storage/ManagePoolsScale.md

To clear all changes, click **Start Over**.
Select **Confirm** then click **Start Over** to clear all changes.

Click **Update Pool** to save changes.

#### Adding a Deduplication VDEV

> You can add a deduplication VDEV to an existing pool, but files in the pool do not have deduplication applied to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a deduplication VDEV to an existing pool, but files in the pool may or may not have deduplication applied to them.
```

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Storage/DedupPruneDialog.png" alt="Prune Deduplication Table Dialog" id="Prune Deduplication Table Dialog" >}}

Use **Set Quota** to set the DDT quota that determines the maximum table size allowed.
The default setting, **Auto**, allows the system to determine the quota based on the size of a dedicated dedup vdev when setting the quota limit.
This property works for both legacy and fast dedup tables.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Storage/DedupQutoaDialog.png" alt="Deduplication Quota Dialog" id="Deduplication Quota Dialog" >}}

Change to **Custom** to set the quota to your preference.

Click **Save** to save and close the dialogs.

### Replacing Disks to Expand a Pool
To expand a pool by replacing disks with a higher capacity disk, follow the same procedure as in [Replacing Disks]({{< relref "ReplacingDisks.md" >}}).

Insert a new disk into an empty enclosure slot. Remove the old disk only after completing the replace operation.
If an empty slot is not available, you can offline the existing disk and replace it in the same slot, but this reduces redundancy during the process.

> Go to the **Storage Dashboard** and click **Manage Devices** on the **Topology** widget for the pool to open the ***Poolname* Devices** screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to the **Storage Dashboard** and click **Manage Devices** on the **Topology** widget for the pool to open the **Poolname* Devices** screen.
```

Author: The emphasis is wrong, as it is missing an asterisk so I'll modify this file to fix this.
